Add documentation for database selection. (#111)
neo4j/driver-documentation: asciidoc/cypher-workflow.adoc

To do this, construct a session targeting the database called `system` and execute Cypher as usual.
Please see <<cypher-manual#administration-databases-introduction, Cypher Manual -> Databases>> for more information.

[role=enterprise-edition]
[[database-selection]]
=== Database selection

> The database selection on the client side happens on the <<driver-session-api>>.

Reviewer: This does not quite render as expected. It comes out like this: "The database selection on the client side happens on the _Chapter 4, The session API_."

> The database selection on the client side happens on the <<driver-session-api>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database selection on the client side happens on the <<driver-session-api, session API>>.
```

You pass the name of the database to the driver during session creation.
The default database is used if you don't specify a name.
A database name must not be literal `null` nor an empty string.

NOTE: While there are no different versions of the driver for the community or enterprise edition of Neo4j, those methods

>       will only work when the driver is connected against the enterprise edition of Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Selection of database is only available when the driver is connected against Enterprise Edition of Neo4j.
```

Author: I have changed your suggestion a bit… The API is still available in the driver, but it will throw an error against community edition. I think that bit is important to have.

Reviewer: I approve! Looks good, well done!
